Hey, it's me, Destin and welcome back to Smarter Every Day, I'm in the middle of the forest.
and my son has lost a cheap, small drone.
And the only way to find out where the drone is,
is to light him and listen to where he is.
And this made me think about 'focused hearing'.
To quickly inform you, my sister bought a toy drone for my son
Which of course he immediately went outside and flew as high as possible.
Then the wind made the drone disappear in the forest.
Far out of sight and everything we knew was
that he lay in a large part of the forest. Problem solving
is an important feature that I always try to give to my children. So first
I let them wander aimlessly in the forest and of course they did not find him
And then I decided it was time to start a small adventure.
First we spread in the forest and we became very quiet.
We then activated the drone and used targeted hearing
to see if we could determine where the sound came from.
It was very quiet and everyone walked to the direction we thought
that it came from and then we all stopped, we became silent again
and then we started it again.
At the moment we were a little closer and we felt more confident with our focused hearing